And so it begins...
####################

:date: 2013-11-17 12:00
:comments: true
:slug: new-blog
:summary: Welcome to my new blog! Here I will talk about software development and show some of the things I am working on. At times it is good to take some distance from coding, and contemplate what you have written. In doing so, I can hopefully offer interesting open source tools and ideas to the community.
:lang: en
:tags: intro
:category: main

Welcome to my new blog! Here I will talk about software development and show
some of the things I am working on. At times it is good to take some distance
from coding, and contemplate what you have written. In doing so, I can
hopefully offer interesting open source tools and ideas to the community.

A small introduction may be in order for those who don't know me yet. My name
is *Maarten van Gompel* (aka proycon). I am a PhD researcher and scientific
programmer at the Centre for Language Studies, Radboud University Nijmegen. I
love both languages as well as technology and I am happily working in the field
where these two independent interests meet: *Natural Language Processing* or *Computational Linguistics*.

My PhD project *Colibri* focusses on the role of constructions in Machine Translation, as well
as related techniques such as Cross-Lingual Word Sense Disambiguation.  

I'm an avid open source advocate and linux fan. My tools of the trade are
mostly Python and C++, sometimes along with web technologies such as Django,
CSS, HTML, Javascript/Jquery. 

Starting a blog always comes with the obvious but daunting obligation of
maintaining it. Expect to see an occasional, like bi-monthly, posts. So keep
posted!

